Clean up readme to focus on usage (#29)
1Password/terraform-provider-onepassword: README.md

## Usage

> Detailed documentation for using this provider can be found [here](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/1Password/onepassword/latest/docs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detailed documentation for using this provider can be found on the [Terraform Registry docs](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/1Password/onepassword/latest/docs).
```
